ISPN-14194 Add config property for default max result (#10378)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_query_ickle.adoc

Query<Book> query = queryFactory.create("FROM org.infinispan.sample.Book WHERE title like '%clustering%' ORDER BY year").startOffset(20).maxResults(10)
----

> The default limit of `100` is applied if `maxResults` is not explicitly set to the query instance.
> You can change this default for all the queries by setting the cache property `query.default-max-result`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE
====
If you don't explicitly set the `MaxResults` for a query instance, {brandname} limits the number of results returned by the query to `100`.
You can change the default limit by setting the `query.default-max-results` cache property.
====
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
